Alright, in this video I have an
assignment for you. In this assignment we
are going to create a Recipe Project. We're going to be working with this going
forward in the course for a while. Just
one of several projects that we're going
to be creating. And what I want you to do
is use the Spring Initializr like we
did before and we're going to create a
new Spring Boot project and we want to
use Spring Boot v2 or higher. So
we get the Spring Framework 5 in there.
The Spring Boot v1 series is Spring framework 4. So we definitely
want to be running on Spring framework 5
and then as we go through the options on
that, we want to add in "DevTools" and
that's under the core category. We'll
head in Web. That's under Web and that's
what's going to be bringing in tomcat
for us and Spring MVC and all that
goodness. And then we are going to be
continuing to use the Thymeleaf template
engine. So under template engines, add in
the option for Thymeleaf and then under SQL
we'll be using JPA, of course which gives
us hibernate and Spring data and also
we'll be using the H2 in-memory database
for our needs in creating this project. So go ahead and create that project. If
you're unsure what to do, don't worry. I'm
going to have an assignment review in the next
video and we'll go through all this
step-by-step and we'll get you up to
speed.